to people how are you doing I hope everything
well and today I bring you a tutorial for
show them how to lower the outlast of the new
This game of real renoir that is
fear so it looks like the amnesia that
says that of masks and everything to be that
little by little the steam and the touch already
Pirates removed it and I removed the
gestures and I wanted to share with you
how did I lower it install credit
that
good first thing with cesc
and dell inc d pípé way
to lower the tower
we go to cards to the lumberjack who have
they come in here
abertis torrent to the second
do not give him for these assholes he says
what they were doing is continuing to give
perfect to run the application
to open the torrent and you
they give it to ok and it will be though work the
classroom
once you finished downloading
and this folder will be with this
I did it inside I took it out to do it more
the one of montull to mount the
good image take out hedgehog
and they have to fall and clean
they double click on it and it will open in
my case of pro increases
and I'm going to assemble the image
will open run setup
to something that happens to me I do not know with
what other antivirus will pass prove
I still am old age from where
is install not uninstall disable
so that I'll be fine in all things
because there are sometimes what
as it is sometimes said that
not the only time we're going
I do not install a couple of files because
I know that the table is verified which
nothing to see because it 's pirates but
but if he was later if that's the case
deactivated antivirus
[Music]
and here I was normally friend round
that already exists because it is no longer in the
game here we must stay both
direct and we will install
to start installing
this one appears because they are install
but let's bust to stay
and for everything
and now he put the video and showed them how
when he slept
good is that it finished visor
they are going to throw this at me
selected the college of access
direct from the game to the desktop because
they are going to do is going to follow team arrives
where are you
the image right click to open crack and
nose
copy
let's pray
the outlast is still installed
to each where to draw for the main one
let's paste
it would be the crack
we are going to replace
[Music]
everything and replaces and she would be
It is already face and now I would have to
work perfectly the game
to show
how
good guys I wanted to show you that the
game when perfect
As you can see there are no mistakes I did not bring my
new game goes all day
well I hope you liked video
of like commented to subscribe and good
our next video york chow